fix(content): Remnant - Cognizance - Void Sprite Parts (#7281)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant outfits.txt

outfit "Void Sprite Parts"
	category "Unique"
	cost 250000
	thumbnail "outfit/mouthparts"
	"mass" 1
	"outfit space" -1

> 	description "This is nothing more and nothing less than a cubic meter of void sprite parts. To the Remnant, this represents both a terrible occurrence and an dreadful opportunity."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "This is nothing more and nothing less than a cubic meter of void sprite parts. To the Remnant, this represents both a terrible occurrence and a dreadful opportunity."
```

outfit "Void Sprite Parts"
	category "Unique"
	cost 500
	thumbnail "outfit/mouthparts"
	"mass" 1
	"outfit space" -1
	description "This is nothing more and nothing less than a cubic meter of void sprite parts. To the Remnant, this represents both a terrible occurrence and a dreadful opportunity."

> 	description "	This could have been very valuable to someone who knew what they were doing, if it had been handled properly. Instead, it is worth little more than the value of the minerals and resources contained within."

Reviewer 2: The Korath handled it 'less properly' then just cutting off a tentacle?

Author: This wasn't a careful harvest by people who wanted the void spirits parts for what they were, but rather the actions of people who merely wanted what was in them. Like harvesting whales for oil.

> 	description "	This could have been very valuable to someone who knew what they were doing, if it had been handled properly. Instead, it is worth little more than the value of the minerals and resources contained within."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "	This could have been very valuable to someone who knew what they were doing, if it had been handled properly. Instead, it is worth little more than the value of the compounds contained within."
```

I don't think the poachers would be after the void sprites for the minerals, Korath are perfectly capable of mining and refining ores on their own.  Rather, they'd be interested in food and medical applications.
